#summary Meeting Minutes 06/13/09

==Attendees==
  * Katie
  * Chad
  * Akhil
  * Ryan 

==Proposed Agenda==

  * Review Phase 01
  * Assign Phase 02

==Meeting Notes==
  
  * Agreed to turn Phase 1 and Phase 2 in on June 23.
  * Next meeting scheduled for Sat June 20 - noon, Open Labs. 
  * Discussed minor inconsistencies within document
  * Decided team leader should verify that all spacing/etc. is correct before submitting
  * 3.5.2.2 - Use Case diagrams/templates are not completed - added templates.
  * AI: Akhil will sanitize/clean up Phase 01 - after, copy into Phase 2 - add requirements about adding/removing ambulances

==Phase 2 Section Delegation==
|| *Assignee* || *Section                    * || *Due Date* || *Status     * ||
|| Akhil || Sequence diagrams with Katie - Draft 1|| 6/16 || In progress ||
|| Chad|| 3.5.5 - navigational paths + screen mockups || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Katie|| Class diagrams with Akhil - Draft 1|| 6/16 || In progress ||
|| Rajeev|| Review sequence/class - Draft 2 || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Ryan|| Review sequence/class - Draft 2, Confirm wiki format || 6/20 || In progress ||

==Phase 1 Section Delegation==
|| *Assignee* || *Section                    * || *Due Date* || *Status     * ||
|| Akhil || Section 3.1, 3.3 || 6/13 || Done ||
|| Chad|| Section 3.4.1, 3.4.2 || 6/13 || Done ||
|| Katie|| Section 1, 2 || 6/13 || Done ||
|| Rajeev|| Section 3.3, Edit 3.2 || 6/13 ||Done ||
|| Ryan|| Section 3.4.1, 3.4.2 || 6/13 || Done ||