#summary Meeting Minutes 06/06/09

==Attendees==
  * Katie
  * Chad
  * Akhil
  * Rajeev
  * Ryan 

==Proposed Agenda==

  * Create templates for Phase 1 and 2 on the wiki.
  * Discuss Google Maps for project development.

==Meeting Notes==
  
  * Initial draft of all phases on the wiki.
  * Discussed how Google Maps API is used/tested.
  * Sections for Phase 1 and 2 assigned to individuals.

==Phase 1 Section Delegation==
|| *Assignee* || *Section                    * || *Due Date* || *Status     * ||
|| Akhil || Section 3.1, 3.3 || 6/13 || In progress ||
|| Chad|| Section # || 6/13 || In progress ||
|| Katie|| Section 1, 2 || 6/13 || In progress ||
|| Rajeev|| Section 3.3 || 6/13 || In progress ||
|| Ryan|| Section 3.4.1 || 6/13 || In progress ||

==Phase 2 Section Delegation==
|| *Assignee* || *Section                    * || *Due Date* || *Status     * ||
|| Akhil || Section # || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Chad|| Section # || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Katie|| Section # || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Rajeev|| Section # || 6/20 || In progress ||
|| Ryan|| Section # || 6/20 || In progress ||