#summary Meeting Minutes 06/27/09

==Attendees==
  * Katie
  * Chad
  * Akhil
  * Ryan 
  * Rajeev

==Proposed Agenda==

  * Assign tasks for Phase 3 - due 7/7/09
  * Schedule next meeting

==Meeting Notes==
  
  * Reviewed class & seq diagrams - changed user diagrams
  * Reviewed screen mockups
  * Drafted navigational paths
  * Next meeting scheduled for June 27 (Phase 03 due July 7, work to be assigned on June 27) at Noon in Open Labs

==Phase 3 Section Draft Delegation==
|| *Assignee* || *Section                    * || *Due Date* || *Status     * ||
|| Akhil || x  || 7/3 || In progress ||
|| Akhil || x || 7/3 || In progress ||
|| Chad|| x || 7/3 || In progress ||
|| Katie|| x || 7/3 || In progress ||
|| Rajeev|| x || 7/3 || In progress ||
|| Ryan|| x || 7/3 || In progress ||